Improved README, Removed node_modules and added gitignore (#7)
Bratah123/MapleDiscBot: README.md

# MapleDiscBot

> ### "Universal" plug n play maplestory discord bot for your private server.

Reviewer: Since you're correcting grammar and MD, might as well fix capitalisation too
```suggestion
### "Universal" plug and play MapleStory Discord bot for your private server.
```
Sources for stylisation conventions for the above changes:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plug_and_play
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MapleStory

> If you have any questions or bug reports, my discord is **not** Brandon#4444

Reviewer: I believe you misunderstood - his Discord ID is literally "Not Brandon#4444"
```suggestion
If you have any questions or bug reports, my Discord ID is `Not Brandon#4444`
```

Author: Oh man. I actually thought he didn't want people to contact him on Discord XD

I tried to make this maplestory discord bot as plug n play as possible but you are still going to need to some work.

> Note, I don't claim to be a good programmer but I think this could help people who are new at creating a Discord bot and I think its time I released something for them :P

Reviewer: Consider use of commas to break the long sentence up.
Correct "its" to "it's"
```suggestion
Note: I do not claim to be a good programmer, but I think this could help people who are new at creating Discord bots, and I think it's time I released something for them :P
```

Reviewer: even if you disagree with the addition of commas, "its" should still be corrected to "it's".
The use of "it's" in the phrase "... I think it's time..." is a contraction of "it is", so there should be an apostrophe.

Make sure to use Visual Studio Code for any debugging or editing.

## 1. How to get a discord bot token? <h2>

> 1. Visit the [developer site](https://discord.com/developers/applications)

Reviewer: Consider using Discord's terminology
```suggestion
1. Visit the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
```

> 2. Top right click new Application, name it accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. At the top right corner of the page, click on the `New Application` button, and fill in the appropriate details
```

  
![Discord Application Button](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/631249406775132182/722901729573863424/eb9cd2edd04845b4a5a9581f7f897cc1.png)

> 3. Now click on your new application you just created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure the new application that you've just created is currently selected (which should automatically be the case)
```

Reviewer: I actually went through the process of creating a new bot to verify the sequence.
It automatically selects the new application without needing to "click on your new application you just created".
That's why I suggested the edit to ascertain that it's selected, rather than clicking on the application name from the drop-down menu (which wouldn't do anything)

4. Select the Bot option on the left side of the screen

![Discord Bot Option](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/631249406775132182/722902298896105544/454736b9a5d5ce7e45dc2aedad8b8d34.png)

> 5. Top right click add bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. At the right under `Build-A-Bot`, click on the `Add Bot` button
```

> 6. Now you can see the token ID hidden, click copy and you have your token ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Under `Token`, click on `Click to Reveal Token`. You can now see the hidden token ID; you may click on the `Copy` button to have it added to your clipboard
```

![Token](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/631249406775132182/722902431893028905/e6a8b8f3fae0e3f6650d7e5e6ac148b8.png)

## 2. How to set up the bot <h2>
1. The first thing you want to fill out for it to work is `config.json` in the config Folder
  
![config file](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/631249406775132182/722903468884623360/9374ffcdfbe7479e389cbbe079fb83d5.png)

2. **YOU MUST FILL OUT ALL ASPECTS FOR IT TO WORK**

3. Starting with token, you want to put your bot token you just made into token area

> 4. `addRole` : `addRole` is defaulted to `false`, if you put it to true make sure to put the role ID you want players who joins your discord server to get.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `addRole` : `addRole` defaults to `false`. If you set it to `true`, make sure to fill out the `role ID` that you want automatically assigned for newcomers to your Discord server.
```

> 5. `serverName` : Just put ur server name I.E.(whateverMS, nottakenMS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `serverName` : Insert your server name (e.g. whateverMS, nottakenMS, SpiritMS, etc.)
```

6. `serverWebsite` : Insert your website URL.

7. `serverMascot` : URL of a picture, you kinda need to fill this one out otherwise you will get errors

7.5: `serverColor` : The hexcode to a color that matches your server artwork.

8. `databaseName` : Your database name.

> 9. `databasePass` : Password of your database I defaulted it to nothing, but that is where you wanna put your SQL password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. `databasePass` : Password of your database. It is empty by default, but that is where you would set your SQL password.
```

> 10. `databaseUser` : Defaulted to root, change if otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. `databaseUser` : Defaults to `root` - you can change it if required.
```

Reviewer: The variable defaulting to certain values is a universal truth - not a past event. This is describing the behaviour of the programme, and should hence use the present tense "defaults"

> 11. `databaseHost` : Again defaulted to localhost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. `databaseHost` : Defaults to `localhost`.
```

Reviewer: See above note on `defaults` vs `defaulted`.
Would also suggest to drop the "again" for being redundant for a list form.

> FINISH: If you matched all criterias(you probably won't), run the bot with `start.bat` and boom you should have a working bot (it will restart the bot if it crashes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FINISH: Once you fulfill all the criteria, run the bot using `start.bat` and you should have a working bot.
NOTE: The bot automatically restarts itself as and when it crashes.
```

  
![mysql error](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/696165783272685568/722896954270417239/unknown.png)

> Make sure to type `npm install mysql` in terminal of visual studio code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to type `npm install mysql` in the terminal of Visual Studio Code.
```

![badAPI error](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/696165783272685568/722899994956529715/unknown.png?width=1061&height=154)

Make sure to fill out the `serverMascot` section of `config.json`

### !givedp !character doesn't work!

1. Open the files in commands folder, and read the comments

> 2. You want `account[0].dpoint` to match what your column name is in your SQL. I.E. (`account[0].dpoints`, `account[0].dp`, `account[0].donationPoints`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You want `account[0].dpoint` to match the column name in your SQL. (e.g. `account[0].dpoints`, `account[0].dp`, or `account[0].donationPoints`)
```

![dp](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/631249406775132182/722919637783674990/d4ac0dbac50cf15a3ed1a29c298362e3.png)

> For the `!givedp` command similarly you want to change the `dpoint` column accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly for the `!givedp` command, you'd want to change the `dpoint` column accordingly
```
